Change Qualification.when to be a date. (#3)
thewca/wcif: specification.md

| Attribute | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `whenDate` | [`Date`](#date) | The date by which the qualification requirement must be satisfied.  If a result is set in a multiple-day competition which begins by this date, that is considered to have been set by this date. |
| `type` | `"single"\|"average"\|"ranking"` | The type of result the requirement refers to. |

> | `level` | [`AttemptResult`](#attemptresult)\|`Integer`\|null | The parameter of the qualification condition of the given type. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `level` | [`AttemptResult`](#attemptresult)\|[`Ranking`](#ranking) | The parameter of the qualification condition of the given type. |
```

| Attribute | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `whenDate` | [`Date`](#date) | The date by which the qualification requirement must be satisfied.  If a result is set in a multiple-day competition which begins by this date, that is considered to have been set by this date. |
| `type` | `"single"\|"average"\|"ranking"` | The type of result the requirement refers to. |
| `attemptResult` | [`AttemptResult`](#attemptresult)\|`null` | The attempt result that needs to be beaten in order to qualify to register for the event. Required if `type` is "single" or "average". |

> | `ranking` | `Integer\|null` | The number of competitors to qualify for this event. Required if `type` is "ranking". |

Reviewer: Since `attemptResult` and `ranking` are exclusive, I think we should go the same route as with `AdvancementCondition` for consistency, so we would have `type` and `level`.

Author: Good idea, done.
